╭────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ 🚀 Mad Spark Alt - Interactive Test                        │
│ Test the QADI Idea Generation System with Your Own Prompts │
╰────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
✅ LLM Providers Available: Google
🤖 You'll experience AI-powered idea generation!


🎯 Testing with: 'Suggest sight seeing plan in Tokyo for a week'

🔄 Starting QADI cycle...

✅ Completed in 115.29s
💰 LLM Cost: $0.0009

📊 Results by Phase:

❓ Questioning Phase 🤖:
  1. What constitutes a 'sightseeing plan' – is it solely a list of locations, 
or does it encompass a defined experience, including pacing, transportation 
methods, and integration with local culture?
     💭 This challenges the implicit assumptions about what constitutes a 
successful sightseeing plan.  Defi...
  2. What underlying principles guide the optimal allocation of time and 
resources within a week-long Tokyo sightseeing plan, considering factors like 
travel time, opening hours, and personal preferences for pace and activity 
level?
     💭 This probes the principles of efficient itinerary design. It moves 
beyond simple listing to consider...
  3. What assumptions are we making about the tourist's preferences, physical 
capabilities, budget, and existing knowledge of Tokyo's geography and culture 
when designing this plan?
     💭 This directly addresses the assumptions that might unconsciously shape 
the plan.  Identifying these ...

💡 Abduction Phase 🤖:
  1. The optimal Tokyo sightseeing plan is not simply a list of locations, but a
dynamically adjusted itinerary based on real-time feedback and individual 
tourist preferences, leveraging a personalized AI travel assistant.
     💭 Static plans fail to account for unexpected delays, changing weather, or
spontaneous discoveries.  A...
  2. Optimal Tokyo sightseeing plans emerge from the interplay between tourist 
preferences (represented as vectors in a multi-dimensional space of interests), 
and the spatial distribution of attractions (modeled as a network with weighted 
edges representing travel time and cost).  Clusters of attractions with high 
preference-weight overlap will form the core of efficient itineraries.
     💭 This hypothesis uses a vector space model to represent tourist 
preferences and a network model for t...
  3. The perceived 'quality' of a Tokyo sightseeing experience is not solely 
determined by the number or type of attractions visited, but also by the 
emergent narrative structure created by the sequencing and pacing of activities.
A well-structured narrative, even with fewer attractions, leads to higher 
satisfaction.
     💭 This posits that the order and rhythm of activities contribute 
significantly to the overall experien...

🔍 Deduction Phase 🤖:
  1. A week-long Tokyo sightseeing plan requires decomposition into daily 
itineraries, each further decomposed into specific attractions, travel methods, 
and allocated time slots.
     💭 1. A week is 7 days. 2. Each day requires a separate itinerary. 3. Each 
daily itinerary comprises mu...
  2. The Tokyo sightseeing plan should incorporate a hierarchical structure: 
overarching goals, daily themes, specific attractions, and contingency plans.
     💭 1.  Overall goal: maximize sightseeing enjoyment within a week. 2.  
Decomposition into daily themes ...
  3. A comprehensive Tokyo sightseeing plan requires a detailed itinerary 
specifying locations, travel methods, and time allocations, contingent upon the 
tourist's preferences and physical capabilities.
     💭 1. A sightseeing plan must include specific locations to visit. 2.  
Efficient travel between locatio...

🔗 Induction Phase 🤖:
  1. The optimal sightseeing plan is a dynamically adaptable narrative, not a 
static itinerary.
     💭 Synthesized by abstracting from the observation that static plans fail 
to account for real-time fact...
  2. Efficient sightseeing maximizes preference-weighted attraction clusters 
while minimizing travel time and cost.
     💭 Abstracted from the abduction phase insight regarding the interplay 
between tourist preferences and ...
  3. Optimal Tokyo sightseeing plans emerge from a dynamic interplay between 
tourist preferences and the city's spatial and temporal structure, creating 
personalized narratives.
     💭 Synthesizing observations from the questioning, abduction, and deduction
phases, a core pattern emer...

🎨 All Generated Ideas (12 total):

❓ From Questioning:
  • What constitutes a 'sightseeing plan' – is it solely a list of locations, or
does it encompass a defined experience, including pacing, transportation 
methods, and integration with local culture?
  • What underlying principles guide the optimal allocation of time and 
resources within a week-long Tokyo sightseeing plan, considering factors like 
travel time, opening hours, and personal preferences for pace and activity 
level?
  • What assumptions are we making about the tourist's preferences, physical 
capabilities, budget, and existing knowledge of Tokyo's geography and culture 
when designing this plan?

💡 From Abduction:
  • The optimal Tokyo sightseeing plan is not simply a list of locations, but a 
dynamically adjusted itinerary based on real-time feedback and individual 
tourist preferences, leveraging a personalized AI travel assistant.
  • Optimal Tokyo sightseeing plans emerge from the interplay between tourist 
preferences (represented as vectors in a multi-dimensional space of interests), 
and the spatial distribution of attractions (modeled as a network with weighted 
edges representing travel time and cost).  Clusters of attractions with high 
preference-weight overlap will form the core of efficient itineraries.
  • The perceived 'quality' of a Tokyo sightseeing experience is not solely 
determined by the number or type of attractions visited, but also by the 
emergent narrative structure created by the sequencing and pacing of activities.
A well-structured narrative, even with fewer attractions, leads to higher 
satisfaction.

🔍 From Deduction:
  • A week-long Tokyo sightseeing plan requires decomposition into daily 
itineraries, each further decomposed into specific attractions, travel methods, 
and allocated time slots.
  • The Tokyo sightseeing plan should incorporate a hierarchical structure: 
overarching goals, daily themes, specific attractions, and contingency plans.
  • A comprehensive Tokyo sightseeing plan requires a detailed itinerary 
specifying locations, travel methods, and time allocations, contingent upon the 
tourist's preferences and physical capabilities.

🔗 From Induction:
  • The optimal sightseeing plan is a dynamically adaptable narrative, not a 
static itinerary.
  • Efficient sightseeing maximizes preference-weighted attraction clusters 
while minimizing travel time and cost.
  • Optimal Tokyo sightseeing plans emerge from a dynamic interplay between 
tourist preferences and the city's spatial and temporal structure, creating 
personalized narratives.
